More flexible disabling endpoint feature (#334)
repository-service-tuf/repository-service-tuf-api: docs/source/guide/Docker_README.md

Example:
`SECRETS_RSTUF_ADMIN_PASSWORD=/run/secrets/SECRETS_RSTUF_ADMIN_PASSWORD`

#### (Optional) `RSTUF_DISABLED_ENDPOINTS`

Disable specific endpoints or endpoint methods from the API.

This variable receives a list separetad by `:`.

An endpoint can be given `/api/v1/targets`

Note: It will be disabled all methods and all paths GET `/api/v1/targets`,
POST `/api/v1/targets`, POST `/api/v1/targets/publish` etc.

It is possible to disable specific method endpoint given
`{'POST'}/api/v1/targets/publish`.

Note: If you give both

> `RSTUF_DISABLE_ENDPOINTS={'POST'}/api/v1/targets/publish:/api/v1/targets` the
> `/api/v1/targets` has higher weigh and will disable all

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`RSTUF_DISABLE_ENDPOINTS={'POST'}/api/v1/targets/publish:/api/v1/targets` then
the `/api/v1/targets` has a higher priority and will disable all v1 targets related endpoints.
```

> A list can be given as example bellow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A list can be given as shown in the example bellow:
```
